Add DataSourceInterface (#6463)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=======================

> ### Deprecated `Sonata\AdminBundle\Model\ModelManager::getDataSourceIterator()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deprecated `Sonata\AdminBundle\Model\ModelManagerInterface::getDataSourceIterator()`
```

> Before `AdminInterface::getDataSourceIterator()` was using `ModelManagerInterface::getDataSourceIterator()`.
> 
> Now, if a `Sonata\AdminBundle\Exporter\DataSourceInterface` is set to your admin, the method
> `DataSourceInterface::createIterator` is used instead.
> 
> Setting a `DataSourceInterface` to your admin will be mandatory in next major.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As replacement, you MUST inject an instance of `Sonata\AdminBundle\Exporter\DataSourceInterface` in your admin. This way, the method `DataSourceInterface::createIterator()` will be used instead.

Setting a `DataSourceInterface` instance in your admin will be mandatory in version 4.0.
```

Author: Done
